docs: add backend limitation (#31607)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/configuration.mdx

- A configuration can only provide one backend block.
- A backend block cannot refer to named values (like input variables, locals, or data source attributes).

> - You cannot [reference](https://www.terraform.io/language/expressions/references#references-to-resource-attributes) values declared within backend blocks elsewhere in the configuration.

Reviewer: @sebhcp Thank you for this contribution! We recently migrated our documentation to the new developer portal site, so I wanted to update this in-text link accordingly. Also, I want to make sure the link text is as descriptive as possible so users know where it will take them.

Let me know what you think - thank you!

```suggestion
- You cannot reference values declared within backend blocks elsewhere in the configuration. Refer to [References to Resource Attributes](/terraform/language/expressions/references#references-to-resource-attributes) for more details.
```

> - The values declared within backend blocks cannot be [referenced](https://www.terraform.io/language/expressions/references#references-to-resource-attributes) elsewhere in the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You cannot [reference](https://www.terraform.io/language/expressions/references#references-to-resource-attributes) values declared within backend block elsewhere in the configuration.
```

Suggest changing "The values declared within backend blocks cannot be referenced" to "You cannot reference values declared in backend blocks" to avoid a passive voice style issue.

Author: Excellent point. I'll commit this change immediately. Thanks!
